Marketing Task 2016-12-08 Y Combinator Pitch For "Hands on Python 3.5"

Luda,

I have enclosed a message I want to pitch to Y Combinator News site:

https://news.ycombinator.com/

Please offer any feedback which might make my message more effective.

Sincerely,
Dan Bikle

sub: 2017 Adult Ed.: "Hands on Python 3.5"

Hello World,

I invite you to a new Python Class:

"Hands on Python 3.5"

Saturdays 10am to 2pm Jan 07 through Feb 25

Brought to you by Santa Clara Adult Education.

The cost is $300 for 8 weeks of instruction.

https://register.asapconnected.com/CourseDetail.aspx?CourseId=126730&ext=1

Prerequisite: Basic knowledge of Python

Class Description:

In a computer-lab environment we build software projects from most popular Anaconda Python packages.

Why Anaconda?

Anaconda is a high quality Python distribution constructed by a team of experienced engineers.

This is a project based learning opportunity. You can work solo or try to find a coding partner.

If you want to learn Python better, you could use this class and Anaconda Python packages.

Or, maybe use this class to build projects from Python packages.

If your project is awesome, you could turn it into a startup.

In the class you will get feedback from peers and advice from an expert software instructor.

Half of class-time will be lecture, half will be hands-on lab.

During the week, between classes, you will have access to online help from the instructor and other students.

All the students will be encouraged to use the same VirtualBox Ubuntu 16 environment with the aim of reducing cross-platform problems.

But, do your development on a Mac or PC if you want.

Additionally the class will provide you an Ubuntu 16 AWS AMI if you want to develop and collaborate over the internet.

After the 8 week session, you might have some new coding friends who want to will help you learn more.

Most Anaconda Packages are listed below:

https://docs.continuum.io/anaconda/pkg-docs

Maybe you will see something worthy of study in the above list.
